
Alchemy is a clone of Popcap Alchemy: http://www.popcap.com/games/alchemy/online

In this game, you place colored zodiac tiles on a board to make lead into gold.

The board is a 9 by 8 tiles. You make a play by placing a tile on the board according to the rules. Each turn, you are given a randomly generated colored zodiac tile. You may play it or discard it. Discarding costs you in the form of filling a blood gauge. If you discard too many tiles in a row, your gauge will fill, and you will die. Making a successful play empties the gauge (or at least reduces it).

You begin the game with an empty board and a grey starting stone. The rules for a move are as follows:

- You must place your tile next to an existing tile, or grey stone.
- For each adjacent tile, your tile must match either the color or the zodiac sign.
- You can play anything next to a grey stone (as long as it doesn't conflict with rule 2).

Each tile you place turns the square underneath it to gold. The goal is to turn all the squares on the board into gold (grey stones don't count).

If you complete an entire column or row of tiles, this column or row will disappear (except grey stones). This gives you more room to work with.

Note that grey stones are effectively wild cards.

Play is over when the board is entirely gold (thus you win) or when you have discarded enough tiles to fill your blood gauge (thus you lose).

The game starts at a low difficulty level with fewer different colors and zodiac symbols. The game gradually increases in difficulty by adding more colors and more symbols.

The number of tiles you can discard without dying (in the original game): three. The fourth kills you.

In the original game, a skull tile destroys an existing rune.

Note: in the original game, grey stones do disappear when a row or column is cleared. I don't know what happens when you clear the board empty. I *think* the next play you're given is a grey stone (to avoid the game being over).

Note: in the original game, making a successful play appears to reduce the gauge by one out of three. Clearing a row or column reduces it entirely.

The easy game appears to have 5 colors (red, blue, green, yellow, and pink). It appears to have 8 symbols, (Leo, Aries, Taurus, Cancer, Gemini, Libra, Sagittarius, and Virgo)

Neat animation: when the board clears, it clears slowly in flashes of three random tiles. Bright yellow. Three at a time, quarter of a second each.

http://signsanddisplays.files.wordpress.com/2010/11/zodiac-sign-symbols-glossy-download.jpg



Okay, my game...

4 levels, to completion or game over.
Something very mild between levels.
Shiny animations 


Remaining To Dos:
+Animated rune placement
+Animated rune clearing
+Animated board clearing
+Game Over screen
+Level progression
+Victory/credits
+Code cleanup
full play test
+Blog post